# FalixNodes Mobile Application
> This is not FalixCoins app

It's a quick way to access all FalixNodes from one area, much like FalixNodes Desktop. 

## FalixNodes App v2.0 Alpha
The application is now being rewritten in React Native, which the developer (Korbs Studio) is still learning, thus issues are to be expected.

## Building
### Requirements
 - NodeJS
 - [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install)
 - An Android or iOS device
 - Expo Go app

### Further config needed
#### Font Awesome
Icons used in on the bottom tabs are from Font Awesome and they're "Pro" icons. This requires you install the Font Awesome Pro package, which usually requires configuration to NPM in order for you to install.

However, to get these [configurations](https://fontawesome.com/v5.15/how-to-use/on-the-web/setup/using-package-managers), you are required to have a Pro plan on your Font Awesome account. If you do NOT have a Pro plan, we can easily switch the icons to "Free" icons in the app.

At the top of <u>App.js</u>, replace `@fortawesome/pro-duotone-svg-icons` with `@fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons`. Also replace `faSlidersV` with `faSlidersH`, `faSlidersV` is a Pro icon.

In <u>package.json</u>, simply remove all `"@fortawesome/pro-duotone-svg-icons` packages.

If you don't do any of this, installing packages may fail.

### Cloning the project and installing packages
You can clone the project by using git client, using this command:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/FalixNodes-Software/Mobile-App/
```

Then change directory into `/Mobile-App/`:
```bash
cd /Mobile-App/
```

Then install all packages by running:
```bash
yarn
```

### Installing Expo CLI
We use Expo to build and test our application, this makes development simple and faster. In order to install the Expo CLI, you can simply using NPM:
```bash
npm install -g expo-cli
```
(Using `sudo` may be needed on Linux when using `-g`)

### Starting the app
With Expo CLI installed, we can now simply run the app in development mode by running:
```bash
expo start
```

This will open a page in your browser, 50% of the time it may not load, so feel free to close if need. We only need the QR Code generated by Expo which is also provided in our terminal. With the QR Code, scan it with the Expo Go app on your phone or tablet. Then the app will start building on your phone and you can preview live changes made to the code right onto your device.

### Building the app (APK/AAB/IPA)
#### Android (APK/AAB)
Building the app is also simple, simply run:
```bash
expo build:android
```

When running the build command for the first time, it'll ask your about keystore, this is up to you. You can either allow Expo to generate one for you on their servers or if you already made on yourself, use it instead. 

After that, you can choose either APK or AAB. APK is a packaging format that can be installed on any Android device. An AAB file is a uses a bundletool that create a set of APK, it's optimized for the Google Play Store.

For testing purposes, we recommend to use APK first then if you want, you can AAB next time.